README.md, before:

# 🏦 ApexCore Vault (ERC4626)

ApexCore is a robust Smart Contract Vault based on the **ERC4626** standard. It extends the standard implementation with built-in monetization mechanics and liquidity protection features.

## 🌟 Key Features

### 1. 🛡️ Time-Locked Withdrawals
To protect liquidity and prevent flash loan attacks, user deposits are subject to a mandatory locking period.
- **Lock Duration:** 3 Days (72 Hours).
- **Mechanism:** Users cannot execute `withdraw` or `redeem` until the lock period has passed since their last deposit.

### 2. 💸 Management Fee (Monetization)
An automated fee is applied to every deposit transaction.
- **Fee Rate:** 2% (200 BPS).
- **Flow:** The fee is deducted from the deposited assets and transferred directly to the contract `Owner`. The remaining assets (98%) are converted into Shares for the user.

### 3. 🔒 Standard ERC4626
- Fully compatible with the ERC4626 tokenized vault standard.
- Supports `deposit`, `mint`, `withdraw`, and `redeem` flows.
- Built on top of audited OpenZeppelin libraries.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Solidity:** ^0.8.20
- **Framework:** Foundry (Forge)
- **Dependencies:** OpenZeppelin Contracts

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Ensure you have [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/) installed on your machine.

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone <YOUR_REPO_URL>
cd ApexCore
forge install

Commit message:

docs: update readme with live sepolia contract addresses

README.md, after:

# 🏦 ApexCore Vault (ERC4626)

ApexCore is a robust Smart Contract Vault based on the **ERC4626** standard. It extends the standard implementation with built-in monetization mechanics and liquidity protection features.

## 🌐 Live Deployment (Sepolia Testnet)

This project is deployed and verified on the Sepolia Testnet.

| Contract | Address | Explorer |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **ApexCore Vault** | `0xc1fBd09868d1E5962BE3F7E1C911363424113db8` | [View on Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xc1fBd09868d1E5962BE3F7E1C911363424113db8) |
| **Mock Token** | `0xFa41f4F79925b2F698c9168232c72251A41ABbBe` | [View on Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xFa41f4F79925b2F698c9168232c72251A41ABbBe) |

---

## 🌟 Key Features

### 1. 🛡️ Time-Locked Withdrawals
To protect liquidity and prevent flash loan attacks, user deposits are subject to a mandatory locking period.
- **Lock Duration:** 3 Days (72 Hours).
- **Mechanism:** Users cannot execute `withdraw` or `redeem` until the lock period has passed since their last deposit.

### 2. 💸 Management Fee (Monetization)
An automated fee is applied to every deposit transaction.
- **Fee Rate:** 2% (200 BPS).
- **Flow:** The fee is deducted from the deposited assets and transferred directly to the contract `Owner`. The remaining assets (98%) are converted into Shares for the user.

### 3. 🔒 Standard ERC4626
- Fully compatible with the ERC4626 tokenized vault standard.
- Supports `deposit`, `mint`, `withdraw`, and `redeem` flows.
- Built on top of audited OpenZeppelin libraries.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Solidity:** ^0.8.20
- **Framework:** Foundry (Forge)
- **Dependencies:** OpenZeppelin Contracts

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Ensure you have [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/) installed on your machine.

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/cipherbytea-dot/ApexCore.git
cd ApexCore
forge install
